Privacy Policy

Jari Järvinen built the Focusting app as a Free app. This SERVICE is a part of a research provided by Jari Järvinen at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service and participate to a research.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information Is not collected for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Focusting unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use

No personal data is collected however for a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain information; Time (h,min,s) when screen activated, Number (pcs) when screen activated. The information is collected for research purposes only and personal information can not be indentified by Developer or anyone else.

The app does not use third party services that may collect information used to identify you. After research is performed and data analysed data will be deleted (latest on 30.6.2020).

Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app

•    Google Play Services
•    Firebase Analytics

Log Data

I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service and participate to reasearch, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

Service Providers

I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

•    To facilitate our research and service;
•    To provide the research and service on our behalf;
•    To perform research or service -related; or
•    To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have no access to your Personal Information.

Security

I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Links to Other Sites

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Children’s Privacy

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at jari.jarvinen@student.laurea.fi.
